one line is tech tips video - keyboards
is it a showdown no it's actually not
but I'm going to highlight what these
keyboards do differently from each other
and what they do differently from the
rest of the keyboards on the market
treat that like button down there like
the big red button that you see in a
movie or video game and press it if
you'd like to see a video on the r9 390x
freshbooks
is the super simple invoicing solution
that lets you get organized save time
and get paid faster click now to try for
free let's start with the strife from
corsair first off i need to check out
these two videos from linus if you
haven't seen them yet there are his
reviews on the corsair k70 and the
corsair k70 RGB they're very important
confer comparative reasons because the
k70 is currently one hundred and ten
dollars on newegg.com and the MSRP of
the strafe is also one hundred ten
dollars that price could change but
they're the same for now the k70 and the
strafe both have Cherry MX switches they
both have USB pass throughs they both
have textured and contoured key cabs for
a few certain keys although they're
different ones the strafe leans more
towards MOBA they both have 100%
anti-ghosting technology and they both
have enhanced easy access multimedia
controls so what's different
the k70 has a wrist rest the k7 T's
multimedia controls are amazing the
volume control has a wonderful metal
scroll wheel that feels great to operate
and most of controls have their own
dedicated button for easy access the
strafe is mostly based around a function
key outside of just brightness and a
lock button the k70 has an amazing
aluminum construction and it looks great
it adds a lot to the structural rigidity
of the keyboard and the strafe does not
have that it's mostly plastic
construction but is it all bad news no
not at all this traif has some really
cool stuff
the k70 doesn't have the hardware inside
it in order to work with q software
which enables users to program each key
with automated macros
this comes from the k70 RGB but that has
a huge price increase the other thing
that it inherits from the RGB is an
enhanced lighting controller letting
modes on the k70 were maybe a bit rather
boring but the strafe has six unique
lighting effects built-in and the
ability for the user to craft their own
this also includes downloading lighting
themes off the corsair gaming comm
website and it's not just a better
lighting controller behind your keys is
a red backplate which will enhance the
quality of your back red lighting
effects pretty cool moving on we have
the MX board 6.0 from cherry this is a
fairly standard looking keyboard the
beautiful aluminum housing is coated so
your oily hands won't ruin it which is
great and the awesome magnetic wrist
rest clicks in very easily is a great
size and feels very comfy but outside of
those things and some slightly shorter
than normal key caps it looks fairly
standard at first one technology that
Jerry put into this board and as of this
point doesn't really seem to interested
into giving to other people is their RK
technology also known as real key the
goal of real key is reducing the lag
within the keyboard from about 20
milliseconds for a key press to one
millisecond and a mechanical version of
switch D bouncing all of this is
compared to the standard matrix scanning
method what the hell am I talking about
well every time that you press a key
your keyboard has to figure out that you
pressed it and which one it was the
matrix scanning method checks all the
pins on your board with a specific
current and then directs all of that
using a bunch of diodes back to the
controller which then takes the X and
y-axis and then it can figure out which
one you press real key technology
doesn't use diodes and connects
everything together directly to the
controller but this time a unique
voltage is sent to each pin and the
controller will use the final total
voltage to determine which switch was
pressed down this in theory is a huge
improvement and I think it's super cool
don't get me wrong but I didn't
personally really notice a difference I
would like to do more testing here but
that would require more scientific
equipment than I currently have my hands
on so maybe we can look into that in the
future but it's not a huge
very drastically noticeable change in
conclusion the keyboard battle is
ever-expanding and two new strong
players have entered the game they're
both on the cherry team but they have
their own unique offerings one with
fantastic light and control and the
other is faster than ever which do you
choose mass drop has another one of
their pretty killer deals going on today
the Sennheiser urbanite XL czar
currently available over there at a
whopping 105 dollars off the MSRP these
do have a more bass focus frequency
response so they're a bit of a new
generation sound meets storied
sennheiser engineering type of products
of course this product is available only
through mass drop at this significantly
discounted price thanks to their group
by model especially essentially the more
people that buy the more the price goes
down to a set minimum with its minimum
price being just under 30% below the
MSRP for this product you can check out
this drop and many more in the link in
the description dr o dot PS / Linus tech
tips so head over there now if you're
interested that link doesn't give us any
kickback or anything but it does let
them know that we sent you thanks for
watching guys if this video sucked you
know what to do at this point but if it
was awesome get subscribed hit the like
button or even consider supporting us
directly using our Amazon affiliate code
to shop at well Amazon buying a cool
t-shirt that is not this one or with the
direct monthly contribution through the
community forum which is hopefully
getting an upgrade soon now that you're
done all that stuff you're probably
wondering what to watch next so click
the little like button in the top right
hand corner to check out the best tech
showrooms in the freaking world
you